README.md, before:

# Project Name
> Outline a brief description of your project.


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What is the background of your project?
- What is the business probem that your project is trying to solve?
- What is the dataset that is being used?

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- library - version 1.0
- library - version 2.0
- library - version 3.0

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- References if any...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).


## Contact
Created by [@githubusername] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

Updated read me with general information section

README.md, after:

# Project Name
> Lending club case study using EDA


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
LendingClub is USA’s largest lending marketplace, connecting borrowers with investors since 2007.

Both borrower and investor are registered as a member of Lending club. Borrower applied for loan, then lending club platform perform some risk analysis on the applied loan and pass it to investors with approved ammount ( lenders/Investors ).

Lenders ( Investors ) makes money from the interest they get from money they lend and Lending club makes money from source fees and other fees.

Business Problem : 
Business suffers loass if borrower get defaulter.

Goal :
The company wants to understand the driving factors (or driver variables) behind loan default, i.e. the variables which are strong indicators of default.  The company can utilise this knowledge for its portfolio and risk assessment. 

Data Set : 
loan.csv

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- library - version 1.0
- library - version 2.0
- library - version 3.0

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- References if any...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).


## Contact
Created by [@githubusername] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
